DOC-780: Level 1 course style & clarity edits (#1977)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/credentials/add-edit-credentials.md

Once in the credential modal, enter the details required by your service. Refer to your service's page in the [credentials library](/integrations/builtin/credentials/) for guidance.

When you save a credential, n8n tests it to confirm it works.

/// note | Credentials naming

> New credentials are named "*node name* account" by default. You can rename the credentials by clicking on the name, similarly to renaming nodes. It's good practice to give them names that identify the app/service, type, and purpose of the credential. A naming convention makes it easier to keep track of and identify your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n names new credentials "*node name* account" by default. You can rename the credentials by clicking on the name, similarly to renaming nodes. It's good practice to give them names that identify the app or service, type, and purpose of the credential. A naming convention makes it easier to keep track of and identify your credentials.
```
